# Password-Generator

The purpose of this exercise was to create a random password generator application that produces a password given specified character inputs. The first step was updating the .html file with checkbox inputs so as to determine what types characters will be included in the password (length, uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers and special characters). Once these checkboxes are created they are given corresponding id's within the .html document. Once we have all the id's declared in the html code, the next step is to get them and store them inside of correspondng variables within the script.js file. The next step was creating the functions that randomly generate the characters/symbols by producing a random number that is within a range of the corresponding character set. Once that is completed we can create a const object where we can store the random values generated previously. Next we need to create an event listener so we can assign true or false values to the corresponding checkbox inputs and to determine the desired length of the password. The true or false value assigned to the corresponding checkbox inputs will determine whether or not to include those types of characters in the password generation. The final step is to create the generatePassword function. The design behind this function is to take in the values of the password inputs and iterate through a loop that is the specified length of the password. The variable that is assigned the numerical value of desired inputs is typesCount and if the value of typesCount is 0, it will return an empty string. The function iterates through the object keys and determines which to be displayed in the the password. This exercise has been critical to understanding the strctural flow of assinging elements to the DOM, declaring variables, and executing functions.
